[docs] Document inactive users process (#13814)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/how_to_add_packages.md

When submitting a pull request for the first time, you will be prompted to sign the [CLA](CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md) for your code contributions.
You can view your signed CLA's by going to <https://cla-assistant.io/> and signing in.

## Inactivity and user removal

> For security reasons related to the CI, when an user no longer contributes for a longe period, it will consired inactive and removed from the authorized users list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons related to the CI, when a user no longer contributes for a long period, it will be considered inactive and removed from the authorized user's list.
```

> For now, it's configured for **4 months**, and it's computed based on the lastest commit, not comments or opened issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, it's configured for **4 months**, and it's computed based on the latest commit, not comments or opened issues.
```

> For now, it's configured for **4 months**, and it's computed based on the latest commit, not comments or opened issues.

Reviewer 2: We are starting here but open to refinements and new criteria 👍

After that time, the CI bot will ask to remove the user name from the authorized users' list through the access request PR, which occurs a few times every week.

> In case you are interested in coming back, please, ask again to be included in the issue [#4](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues/4), the process will be precise like for newcomers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case you are interested in coming back, please, ask again to be included in the issue [#4](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues/4), the process will be the same as for newcomers.
```
